chore: Updates examples and documentation in resource and data source with new ISS attributes and structure (#2438)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/advanced_cluster.html.markdown

}
```

> Example using latest schema with independent (asymmetric) shards in the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example using latest sharding schema with independent shard scaling in the cluster
```

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "example" {
  project_id     = "<YOUR-PROJECT-ID>"
  name           = "cluster-test"
  backup_enabled = false
  cluster_type   = "SHARDED"

  replication_specs {    # Sharded cluster with 2 asymmetric shards (M30 and M40)
    region_configs {
      electable_specs {
        instance_size = "M30"
        disk_iops     = 3000
        node_count    = 3
        disk_size_gb  = 60
      }
      analytics_specs {
        instance_size = "M30"
        node_count    = 1

>         disk_size_gb  = 60

Author: TODO: note for @maastha remove disk_size_gb from all examples

      }
      provider_name = "AWS"
      priority      = 7
      region_name   = "EU_WEST_1"
    }
  }

  replication_specs {
    region_configs {
      electable_specs {
        instance_size = "M40"
        disk_iops     = 3000
        node_count    = 3
        disk_size_gb  = 60
      }
      analytics_specs {
        instance_size = "M40"
        node_count    = 1
        disk_size_gb  = 60
      }
      provider_name = "AWS"
      priority      = 7
      region_name   = "EU_WEST_1"
    }
  }
}

data "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "example" {
  project_id                     = mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster.example.project_id
  name                           = mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster.example.name
  use_replication_spec_per_shard = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `project_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the project to create the database user.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the cluster as it appears in Atlas. Once the cluster is created, its name cannot be changed.

> * `use_replication_spec_per_shard` - (Optional) Set this field to true to allow the data source to use the latest schema leveraging independent shards in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `use_replication_spec_per_shard` - (Optional) Set this field to true to allow the data source to use the latest schema representing each shard with an individual `replication_specs` object. This enables representing clusters with independent shard scaling.
```

* `id` - The cluster ID.
* `bi_connector_config` - Configuration settings applied to BI Connector for Atlas on this cluster. See [below](#bi_connector_config). **NOTE** Prior version of provider had parameter as `bi_connector`
* `cluster_type` - Type of the cluster that you want to create.

> * `disk_size_gb` - Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. If `use_replication_spec_per_shard = true` then this value is equal to `disk_size_gb` of the first `replication_spec.#.region_configs.#.electable_specs`. **(DEPRECATED)** Use `replication_specs.#.region_config.#.(analytics_specs|electable_specs|read_only_specs).disk_size_gb` instead. Please refer [1.18.0 upgrade guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown) for more details.

Reviewer: If `use_replication_spec_per_shard = true` we still populate this root value, so believe this additional comment is not needed.

Author: This was added to address this point in [the ticket]([CLOUDP-260667](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CLOUDP-260667)) `Mention impact on root disk_size_gb computed value if new flag is used.` Is there anything we should mention on this? If not, I can remove the additional comment

Reviewer: My bad for not updating that mention, after https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/2405 logic was added to always populate at the root level to avoid breaking changes in the resource, and having that implementation in place it was added to the data source as well.

Author: discussed offline, removed

* `encryption_at_rest_provider` - Possible values are AWS, GCP, AZURE or NONE. 
* `tags` - Set that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster. See [below](#tags).
* `labels` - Set that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster. See [below](#labels). **DEPRECATED** Use `tags` instead.
* `mongo_db_major_version` - Version of the cluster to deploy.
* `pit_enabled` - Flag that indicates if the cluster uses Continuous Cloud Backup.

> * `replication_specs` - List of settings that configure your cluster regions. This array has one object per shard representing node configurations in each shard. For replica sets there is only one object representing node configurations. See [below](#replication_specs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `replication_specs` - List of settings that configure your cluster regions. If `use_replication_spec_per_shard` is defined to true, this array has one object per shard representing node configurations in each shard. For replica sets there is only one object representing node configurations. See [below](#replication_specs).
```

> * `replication_specs` - List of settings that configure your cluster regions. If `use_replication_spec_per_shard` is defined to true, this array has one object per shard representing node configurations in each shard. For replica sets there is only one object representing node configurations. See [below](#replication_specs).

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to maintain consistency of parallel statements throughout. For example, the definition of `disk_size_gb` above includes "`use_replication_spec_per_shard = true`", whereas here the same concept is presented with "`use_replication_spec_per_shard` is defined to true". 

I personally prefer the former, but either way, it would be good to keep parallel statements like these formatted consistently.

Author: updated to make more consistent

* `region_configs` - Configuration for the hardware specifications for nodes set for a given regionEach `region_configs` object describes the region's priority in elections and the number and type of MongoDB nodes that Atlas deploys to the region. Each `region_configs` object must have either an `analytics_specs` object, `electable_specs` object, or `read_only_specs` object. See [below](#region_configs)
*  `container_id` - A key-value map of the Network Peering Container ID(s) for the configuration specified in `region_configs`. The Container ID is the id of the container either created programmatically by the user before any clusters existed in a project or when the first cluster in the region (AWS/Azure) or project (GCP) was created.  The syntax is `"providerName:regionName" = "containerId"`. Example `AWS:US_EAST_1" = "61e0797dde08fb498ca11a71`.
* `zone_name` - Name for the zone in a Global Cluster.

> * `zone_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the zone in a Global Cluster. If clusterType is GEOSHARDED or `global_cluster_self_managed_sharding` is true, this value indicates the zone that the given shard belongs to and can be used to configure Global Cluster backup policies. This attribute is only available if using the latest schema of this resource leveraging independent shards in the cluster (i.e. `use_replication_spec_per_shard = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zone_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the zone in a Global Cluster. If clusterType is GEOSHARDED or `global_cluster_self_managed_sharding` is true, this value indicates the zone that the given shard belongs to and can be used to configure Global Cluster backup policies. This attribute is only available if using the latest schema of this resource leveraging independent shards in the cluster (i.e. `use_replication_spec_per_shard = true`).
```

> * `zone_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the zone in a Global Cluster. If clusterType is GEOSHARDED or `global_cluster_self_managed_sharding` is true, this value indicates the zone that the given shard belongs to and can be used to configure Global Cluster backup policies. This attribute is only available if using the latest schema of this resource leveraging independent shards in the cluster (i.e. `use_replication_spec_per_shard = true`.

Reviewer 3: same comment as above to remove `global_cluster_self_managed_sharding`

Author: removed

  * `PROVISIONED` volume types must fall within the allowable IOPS range for the selected volume size.
* `instance_size` - Hardware specification for the instance sizes in this region. 
* `node_count` - Number of nodes of the given type for MongoDB Atlas to deploy to the region.

> * `disk_size_gb` - Storage capacity that the host's root volume possesses expressed in gigabytes. Increase this number to add capacity. MongoDB Cloud requires this parameter if you set **replication_specs**. If you specify a disk size below the minimum (10 GB), this parameter defaults to the minimum disk size value. Storage charge calculations depend on whether you choose the default value or a custom value.  The maximum value for disk storage cannot exceed 50 times the maximum RAM for the selected cluster. If you require more storage space, consider upgrading your cluster to a higher tier.

Reviewer: [q] `MongoDB Cloud requires this parameter if you set **replication_specs**` is this accurate? And since this is a data source not sure if this statement is needed.

Author: removed since this is the data source, you're right
